rest: add run_stopped_at to status endpoint (#606)
reanahub/reana-server: CHANGES.rst

Version 0.9.1 (UNRELEASED)
--------------------------

> - Changes OpenAPI specification to include the ``run_stopped_at`` property in the ``progress`` value returned by the ``status`` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds the timestamp of when the workflow was stopped (``run_stopped_at``) to the workflow list and the workflow status endpoints.
```
